{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red6\green6\blue6;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red61\green61\blue61;\red25\green28\blue31;\red11\green97\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c1961\c1961\c1961;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c30588\c30588\c30588;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c0\c48235\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.learnpython.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.learnpython.org/}}
\f1\b\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\sa290\partightenfactor0
\cf3 What is Python?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 Python is a popular general purpose programming language used for both large and small-scale applications. Python\'92s wide-spread adoption is due in part to its large standard library, easy readability and support of multiple paradigms including functional, procedural and object-oriented programming styles. Python modules exist for interacting with a variety of databases making it an excellent choice for large-scale data analysis and the Python programming language is often the choice for introductory courses in data science and machine learning. If you've been wondering how to learn python online to advance your career, you've come to the right destination. Enroll today in an online Python class and earn a Python certification.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\sa290\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \strokec3 Online Python Courses and Python Classes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 As mentioned above, Python is an excellent programming language for web development as well as manipulating and analyzing data. Microsoft, Columbia University, Harvard and other top institutions use Python in their data science and research courses as well as in introductory computer science courses. MIT\'92s Introduction to Computer Science Using Python is a popular, self-paced course designed to give newcomers a good overview of the language including the Python basics for writing programs, how to create algorithms, how to test and debug Python code and the fundamentals of data structures. It's like taking the actual class at MIT! Students who complete this 9-week python training program will have learned the foundational principles required to write more advanced data analysis and machine learning Python script.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\sa290\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \strokec3 Learn Python\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 Georgia Tech's Python programming Professional Certificate consists of 4 courses to help you refine your skills. These courses are more than just a Python bootcamp. They are immersive courses to help you launch your career. When you\'92ve completed the entry-level courses for basic Python, apply your Python skills with UC San Diego\'92s or IBM's Python for Data Science or Microsoft\'92s Programming in Python for Data Science. These Python tutorials will teach you the data analysis skills in high demand by employers and give you an arsenal of business analytics skills to advance your career. Why wait! Choose your best free python course and start learning how to code in Python today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\sa290\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \strokec3 Python Certification and Jobs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 A quick search of Indeed.com shows over 40,000 jobs with Python programming skills or experience listed as a requirement. The wide adoption of the language across many industries translates into a large number of job opportunities. Common job titles include Python Developer, Python Software Engineer, Full Stack Developer and Python Database Programmer. Of the Python-specific jobs listed, 43% offered salaries above $100K per year and some senior-level Python programming engineer positions offered over $200K per year. It\'92s fair to say that Python skills and experience can lead to a lucrative and secure career. The proper python certification can significantly influence a hiring manager looking to fill a specific role on his or her team.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\sa290\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf3 \strokec3 Explore a Career as a Python Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 Big Data is on the rise the need for Python-savvy business analysts, data scientists and Python programming engineers will continue to grow at a rapid pace. Enroll in one of many excellent introductory Python courses and become proficient in the language in only a few short weeks. Many python online courses are self-paced so you can start to learn programming in Python immediately. From basic Python for beginners to advanced online courses, dive into a Python tutorial or Python class today!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs60 \cf6 \strokec6 Welcome\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 Welcome to the LearnPython.org interactive Python tutorial.\
Whether you are an experienced programmer or not, this website is intended for everyone who wishes to learn the Python programming language.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \
You are welcome to join our group on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.facebook.com/groups/180708015327157/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \strokec7 Facebook}}\'a0for questions, discussions and updates.\
Just click on the chapter you wish to begin from, and follow the instructions. Good luck!\
}